My name's Eden. We're going to see Uncle Tony and Aunt Yana. They are helping to build the new
Bethlehem Britain at a chance for construction site. They've been given special permission to
show us around. So you can see how a Bethlehem is built. Are you ready to get going?
Yeah. Well these two buildings up there on the hill there are the production buildings. This one
right in front of us that's the office building and then these ones down the hill. They're all
the residences for the Bethelites. It takes years of work before you can even start building a
Bethel. So do you want to know what the first step is? Yeah. Okay come with me. This is the office
where the design is right. Hello my name's Dan. What's your name? One inch river. My name's Eden.
Oh it's really nice to meet you both. So this is a design office. The brothers tell us what they
want. We work out how to build it. So why do you build these models? Mark Stacy you got a second
but maybe they can explain what that's happening in this model. When you make a model like this
you really get an idea of what the landscape will look like how things are looking
they're setting and how you build it. It's really clever isn't it? Yeah. Of course to build buildings
this big we need big machines. Pre-pory, river, Eden. Hello and Eden nice to meet you. How much can
the truck carry? It can carry 25 times. Wow that's like three elephants. Isn't it hard to drive?
Sometimes it can be if I'm in a very tight spot. Would you recommend driving the massive truck?
Most definitely. Now this is the most important department on the panel project. Would you like to come
and see the kitchen? Yeah. Okay let's go. Wow it's really big. Quite heavy flex.
Before we go guys, river, Eden, this is Brother Luke G.A. How nice to meet you. I hear you had a
tour today. Yeah it's really good. Oh that's great and I understand you have some questions for me.
So let's go someplace where we can talk about that okay? Okay let's go this way. Okay so you
had some questions. What's your first one? What is it like working with your friends? Oh that is
the best thing. So every day you look forward to coming in because you're going to get to be with
your friends. How does Jehovah help you with your job? Oh Jehovah helps us so much with our job.
So for me personally he helps me keep calm because when I think about all the work that we have
in supporting the governing body they have so much work to do. Seeing how Jehovah takes a group of
volunteers, brothers and sisters who are doing this just because they want to and they come work
together and to see how they accomplish it is the most incredible thing. That's my favorite part
of every project. Yeah. How many prayers do you think you've said? I can't even count how many
many prayers and it's only with Jehovah's help that we get it done. It's not because of us.
Well you had some really good questions. Thank you. Oh you are welcome. Thank you very much for coming
to visit. We hope you enjoyed learning how Bethel is built but now it's time to go home.